Smack him!
Punch him hard!
Why are you laughing?
Hit me with everything you've got, bro!
I don't give a damn!
You know why?
'coz Darshana is mine!
And there's nothing you can
do to change that, you sucker!
Hey! The juniors are coming!
♪ The day I saw you ♪
♪ From the clouds...
there was an outpour of flowers ♪
♪ For us to unite, within my heart...
I created a universe of love ♪
♪ Darshana....
your fragrance everywhere, all the time ♪
you are my salvation ♪
♪ Darshana....
bless me with the elixir of your love ♪
Arun!
Thank you, Arun.
Can I have your number?
No!
Wait! Wait! Wait!
Darshana, we will be
here for four years.
Four academic years.
Around 800 days in total,
not counting the holidays.
Out of that, twenty days
have already passed.
I don't want to regret not
having told you earlier.
So I'm coming
straight to the point.
I'm crazy about you!
I fell in love with you
the minute I saw you.
I'd like to know what
you feel about me.
Arun, I....
I need to think about it.
Go ahead!
But don't take too much time.
Please!
Darshana!
Please don't tie your hair up.
Just try leaving it loose.
You look amazing when you
leave your hair loose.
♪ As I waited on your path
for a boon from you ♪
♪ You walked away,
without giving me a glance ♪
♪ When I think of you,
my heart simmers ♪
♪ Not a word from you,
I wonder why ♪
♪ However deep I bury it, my love ♪
♪ Your smile always finds
a way into my heart ♪
♪ I've been waiting to relish
the sweetness that's you ♪
♪ Darshana....
your fragrance everywhere, all the time ♪
you are my salvation ♪
♪ Darshana....
bless me with the elixir of your love ♪
♪ The face, as beautiful as
the full moon in the sky ♪
♪ The mind, as pure and
constant as the elixir ♪
♪ For us to unite, within my heart...
I created a universe of love ♪
♪ Darshana....
your fragrance everywhere, all the time ♪
you are my salvation ♪
♪ Darshana....
bless me with the elixir of your love ♪
♪ Darshana.... ♪
♪ Darshana....
bless me with the elixir of your love ♪